# NAME

Simple Inventory API

This is a simple API

# VERSION

Automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 
- Build date: 2018-09-27T08:36:51.480Z
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.AkkaScalaClientCodegen

# Requirements

Building the API client library requires [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) to be installed.

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn deploy
```

Refer to the [official documentation](https://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-deploy-plugin/usage.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.swagger</groupId>
    <artifactId>swagger-client</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0</version>
    <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "io.swagger:swagger-client:1.0.0"
```

### SBT users

```scala
libraryDependencies += "io.swagger" % "swagger-client" % "1.0.0"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://10.0.1.148/virts/admin/simple/1.0.0*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AdminsApi* | [**addInventory**](AdminsApi.md#addInventory) | **POST** /inventory | adds an inventory item
*DevelopersApi* | [**searchInventory**](DevelopersApi.md#searchInventory) | **GET** /inventory | searches inventory


## Documentation for Models

 - [InventoryItem](InventoryItem.md)
 - [Manufacturer](Manufacturer.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:


# BUILDING YOUR LIBRARY

See the homepage `https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen` for full details.
But briefly, clone the git repository, build the codegen codebase, set up your build
config file, then run the API build script. You will need git, Java 7 or 8 and Apache
maven 3.0.3 or better already installed.

Your library files will be built under `WWW::MyProjectName`.

          $ git clone https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen.git
          $ cd swagger-codegen
          $ mvn package
          $ java -jar modules/swagger-codegen-cli/target/swagger-codegen-cli.jar generate \
    -i [URL or file path to JSON swagger API spec] \
    -l akka-scala \
    -c /path/to/config/file.json \
    -o /path/to/output/folder

Bang, all done. Run the `autodoc` script in the `bin` directory to see the API
you just built.

## Author

you@your-company.com
